these are some of gaza's most vulnerable
these prematurely born babies are meant
to be kept in incubators with oxygen and
temperature regulating equipment helping
every breath they take but due to the
constant Israeli Siege and bombardment
they are now bundled up in towels and
sheets in gaza's alifa
hospital with insufficient Fuel and no
electricity Hospital staff have
suspended operations and are urging the
International Community help save the
youngest lives in the besieged
strip we requested protection for these
children and protection for all patients
in the Intensive Care Unit however they
told us that you have only one hour to
remove these children from one place to
another now we place the children in
very unhealthy uh places that is not
conducive to their condition these
children were born after less than 7
months of pregnancy now we are are
struggling to save their lives using
primitive methods using manual simple
methods but however this is very
unsustainable Al jazer spoke to a father
of two infants who are being treated at
alifa hospital he says he feels Beyond
helpless honestly this is something you
cannot describe when you reach to such a
point where you can't provide safety to
your newborn children honestly today
when I spoke with the Red
Cross literally they told me that they
have suspended their operations in Gaza
and they have no news about mea and the
hub no news at all I don't know whether
they are all right or
not this desperate father is among the
hundreds of thousands of Palestinians
forced to leave their homes in North
Gaza to escape Israeli
strikes alifa hospital is gaza's largest
medical facility that thousands are
using the hospital as shelter almost
5,000 patients are receiving care and
nearly 800 others are waiting to be
admitted the facility and its staff are
at a Breaking Point and with every
passing minute the youngest Palestinian
lives born into this war are in danger
of becoming part of an Ever growing list
of young lives cut too short Imran Alan
Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaer